Generate an AST
===============

Our goals, as listed on the assignment page.

- Parse a language like this:

        //language example 0
        const int a = 1;
        int x = 1<<a;
        int y, z = 3;

        y = z - x;
        if ( y <= 0 ) {
           z = (x+2) + z*z ;
        } else {
           z = z / y;
        }
        return z;

- Generate line/column annotated error messages to stderr.

- Print the AST to stdout.

- Return 0 on successful AST creation.


Files
-----

*CMakeLists.txt* - Describes the project layout. If we rename, remove, or add files we'll have to make the appropriate changes here. A quick overview is available [online](http://www.cmake.org/cmake/help/cmake_tutorial.html), but we shouldn't need to change this much.

*frontend.cpp* - Houses our *main*() function. This file ties together the separate chunks of our compiler. Right now, it just calls Bison's *yyparse*() which reads from stdin, but doesn't do anything with what it finds.

*lang_design.txt* - A whiteboard of sorts for notes concerning the design.

*language_0.l* - The Flex file for our first iteration of the language. Documentation on Flex can be found [online](http://flex.sourceforge.net/manual/). Alamode uses version 2.5.35. It includes "language_9_parser.hpp", generated by Bison, which defines the Tokens used for scanning.

*language_0.y* - The Bison file for our first iteration of the language. Documentation on Bison can again be found [online](http://www.gnu.org/software/bison/manual/bison.html). Alamode uses version 2.5. The Bison file defines the Context Free Grammar using a syntax similar to what we use in class. A notable difference is the semicolon after each rule. Any character expected can be put here as a single character, but strings are not allowed: i.e. '&' can exist here, but not "&&". Each Token must be declared as `%token <member> tokenName`, where `member` is the member in the `%union` declaration used to store the value of the token and `tokenName` is the name of the token for use in Flex and the CFG. Grammar rules follow a similar pattern, but with `%type`. As with Flex, code to be executed after matching a rule is enclosed with semicolons after the rule. At the very bottom of the file is our error-handling function. It doesn't do much.

Flex and Bison are trivial to install on Linux. On Windows, use win-flex and win-bison. http://sourceforge.net/projects/winflexbison/
